Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited take no responsibility
for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly
disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the
contents of this announcement.




 (A company controlled through weighted voting rights and incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
                     Stock Codes: 3690 (HKD counter) and 83690 (RMB counter)

                            DISCLOSEABLE TRANSACTION
                        ACQUISITION OF ALL ISSUED SHARES OF
                         DINGDONG FRESH HOLDING LIMITED

 ACQUISITION

 The Board is pleased to announce that, on February 5, 2026 (non-trading hours), the Acquirer,
 the Transferor and Mr. Liang Changlin entered into the Share Transfer Agreement, pursuant to
 which, among others, the Acquirer agreed to acquire, and the Transferor agreed to sell, all issued
 shares of the Target Company held by the Transferor at an initial consideration of US$717
 million (subject to adjustment), provided that Target Group’s net cash shall remain no less than
 US$150 million upon the Transferor withdraws funds from the Target Group not exceeding
 US$280 million.

 Dingdong is a leading fresh grocery e-commerce company in the mainland China, founded and
 controlled by Mr. Liang Changlin, and the Target Company is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary
 of Dingdong. Upon completion of the Acquisition, the Target Company will become an indirect
 wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and the financial results of the Target Group will be
 consolidated into the financial statements of the Group.

 Implications under the Listing Rules

 As the highest applicable percentage ratio in respect of the Acquisition (as calculated under
 Rule 14.07 of the Listing Rules) exceeds 5% but is less than 25%, the Acquisition constitutes a
 discloseable transaction of the Company under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules and is therefore
 subject to the reporting and announcement requirements under the Listing Rules, but is exempt
 from the Shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules.




                                                          1
INTRODUCTION

The Board is pleased to announce that, on February 5, 2026 (non-trading hours), the Acquirer, the
Transferor and Mr. Liang Changlin entered into the Share Transfer Agreement, pursuant to which,
among others, the Acquirer agreed to acquire, and the Transferor agreed to sell, all issued shares of
the Target Company held by the Transferor at an initial consideration of US$717 million (subject
to adjustment), provided that Target Group’s net cash shall remain no less than US$150 million
upon the Transferor withdraws funds from the Target Group not exceeding US$280 million.

Dingdong is a leading fresh grocery e-commerce company in the mainland China, founded and
controlled by Mr. Liang Changlin, with the Target Company as a direct wholly-owned subsidiary
of Dingdong. Upon completion of the Acquisition, the Target Company will become an indirect
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and the financial results of the Target Group will be
consolidated into the financial statements of the Group.

SHARE TRANSFER AGREEMENT

The principal terms of the Share Transfer Agreement are set out below:

Date                        February 5, 2026 (non-trading hours)

Parties                     (a)   Transferor;

                            (b)   Acquirer; and

                            (c)   Founder of Transferor.

Subject matter              The Acquirer agreed to acquire, and the Transferor agreed to sell, all
                            issued shares of the Target Company held by the Transferor.

Consideration               The initial consideration for the Acquisition is US$717 million, subject
                            to agreed adjustments based on the net cash, net working capital, and
                            other financial items set out in the Target Group’s audited financial
                            statements as at agreed dates (the “Share Transfer Consideration”).

                            The Transferor shall have the right, on or before August 31, 2026,
                            to withdraw funds totaling no more than US$280 million from the
                            Target Group to the Non-Target Group Dingdong Entity (the “Funds
                            Withdrawal”). Following any Funds Withdrawal, the Target Group’s
                            net cash shall remain no less than US$150 million.




                                                  2
Conditions precedent   The conditions precedent for the Acquirer to fulfill the closing
                       obligations primarily include:

                              (i)    the guarantee of the Transferor shall be true, accurate, and
                                     not misleading in all material respects as at the Closing
                                     Date, and shall not omit any material facts necessary;

                              (ii)   the Transferor and the Target Group have obtained all
                                     necessary resolutions from general meetings, the Board, and
                                     others required for the Transaction;

                              (iii) no material adverse change has occurred;

                              (iv) the Transferor has completed all tax filings related to the
                                   Transaction;

                              (v)    the Transaction has passed the merger control filing review
                                     by the national market regulatory authorities ( “ Anti-
                                     Monopoly Review”);

                              (vi) the Acquirer has properly completed the filing with the
                                   National Development and Reform Commission related to
                                   the Transaction; and

                              (vii) completion of the divestiture of the relevant overseas
                                    businesses.

                       The conditions precedent for the Transferor to fulfill the closing
                       obligations primarily include:

                       (i)    the guarantee of the Acquirer shall be true, accurate, and not
                              misleading in all material respects as at the Closing Date, and
                              shall not omit any material facts necessary; and

                       (ii)   the Transaction has passed the Anti-Monopoly Review.

                       All parties shall make commercially reasonable efforts and take all
                       necessary and reasonable actions to facilitate the fulfillment of the
                       closing conditions precedent as soon as possible, and in any event no
                       later than the Long-Stop Date.




                                               3
Closing and payment   The closing of the Acquisition shall take place on a date which is
                      within ten (10) working days after the date on which all conditions
                      precedent are satisfied or appropriately waived by the relevant parties
                      (unless a condition precedent is by its nature required to be satisfied
                      on the Closing Date, in which case subject to the satisfaction or
                      appropriate waiver of such condition on the Closing Date), or on
                      such other date as may be mutually agreed by the Transferor and the
                      Acquirer.

                      (a)   The Acquirer shall pay the initial installment (being 90% of the
                            Share Transfer Consideration) to the Transferor on the Closing
                            Date; and

                      (b)   The Acquirer shall pay the balance (being 10% of the Share
                            Transfer Consideration) to the Transferor upon the later of (i)
                            the Transferor’s completion of payment of all tax payables under
                            the Share Transfer Agreement , and (ii) confirmation by both the
                            Transferor and the Acquirer of the amount of leakage (as defined
                            in the Share Transfer Agreement, if any).

Transitional          (a)   The Transferor undertakes that during the Transitional Period, it
arrangements                shall continue to operate in accordance with the pre-transaction
                            practice, and any operating profits or losses generated by the
                            Target Group during such period shall belong to the Acquirer; and

                      (b)   the Transferor shall be subject to customary restrictions on
                            major matters during the Transitional Period (including, without
                            limitation, changes to the constitutional documents of the Target
                            Group, share structure, any material change to its principal
                            business, and entry into contracts not in the ordinary course of
                            business, etc.).

Exclusivity           From the date of execution of the Share Transfer Agreement up to (and
                      including) the Closing Date or the date of termination of the Share
                      Transfer Agreement (whichever is earlier), without the Acquirer ’ s
                      prior written consent, the Transferor, the Founder of Transferor and
                      their respective affiliates shall not, directly or indirectly, participate
                      in, procure or facilitate any “conflicting transaction” as defined in the
                      transaction documents involving the equity interests or material assets
                      of the Target Group, merger, reorganisation or other transaction. They
                      shall immediately terminate any existing relevant discussions/contacts
                      and, upon receipt of any proposal or enquiry relating to any conflicting
                      transaction, shall promptly notify the Acquirer.




                                            4
Liabilities for breach   The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an event of
                         default: (x) any representation or warranty made by any party under
                         the Share Transfer Agreement is untrue, inaccurate or misleading or
                         contains any material omission; (y) any party breaches its undertakings
                         under the Share Transfer Agreement; or (z) any party fails to perform
                         its obligations under the Share Transfer Agreement in accordance with
                         the agreed terms.

                         If any party commits an event of default, or any third party makes
                         any claim against any other party as a result of such event of default
                         (excluding any claim or allegation arising from such other party’s own
                         breach of its arrangements with the third party), the defaulting party
                         shall indemnify and compensate the other parties for any losses arising
                         from such event of default.

                         Unless there is fraud, wilful concealment of material facts
                         relating to the entry into the transaction documents, or intentional
                         misrepresentation resulting in losses of the indemnified party, the
                         aggregate liability/indemnity liability of the Transferor and the Founder
                         of Transferor shall be capped at US$100 million.

Non-Competition          The Transferor and Mr. Liang Changlin have undertaken that, during
                         the period of 5 years commencing from the Closing Date, they shall be
                         subject to non-compete and non-solicitation obligations with respect
                         to consumer-facing (To C) e-commerce businesses in the fresh food
                         grocery sector within the Greater China Region.

Termination and Fees     The Share Transfer Agreement may be terminated if closing does
                         not occur within 12 months, which may be extended with mutual
                         consent. The Share Transfer Agreement includes tiered termination fee
                         arrangements: (i) the Acquirer shall pay a US$150 million termination
                         fee if it fails to proceed to closing despite the satisfaction of all material
                         conditions; (ii) the Transferor shall pay a US$75 million termination
                         fee if it fails to satisfy certain material controllable conditions, or fails
                         to cooperate in regulatory filings; and (iii) the Acquirer shall pay a
                         US$75 million termination fee if the Transaction fails and the Anti-
                         Monopoly Review approval or certain other regulatory clearance
                         cannot be obtained, despite the Transferor’s material cooperation.




                                                5
BASIS OF DETERMINATION OF THE CONSIDERATION

The Share Transfer Consideration was determined based on arm’s length negotiations between
the Transferor and the Acquirer, taking into account the following factors:(1) the fair value of the
entire equity interest of the Target Group as of the Valuation Date (i.e. January 31, 2026), valued
by the Independent Valuer using the market approach based on the Target Group’s financial data
as of September 30, 2025, amounting to US$1,006 million; (2) the Funds Withdrawal of not more
than US$280 million; and (3) the reasons for and benefits of the Acquisition as described in the
section titled “REASONS FOR AND BENEFITS OF THE ACQUISITION” in this announcement.

For the summary of the valuation report, including the valuation methodologies, major assumptions
and key parameters, and information of the Independent Valuer, please refer to the appendix
to this announcement. The Board has carefully reviewed the relevant basis, assumptions and
methodologies set out in the valuation report. The Board is of the view that the Share Transfer
Consideration was appropriately determined with reference to the valuation and is therefore fair
and reasonable, and is in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders as a whole.

The Company intends to fund the Acquisition out of the internal resources of the Group.

REASONS FOR AND BENEFITS OF THE ACQUISITION

The Company attaches great importance to the grocery retail business, and the Transaction is
in line with the Company’s long-term development plan in the grocery retail sector. Dingdong
is a leading player in the grocery retail sector in China. Its philosophy of pursuing “good users,
good products, good services and good mindshare” is highly aligned with Meituan’s mission of
“helping people eat better, live better”. As of September 2025, Dingdong operated over 1,000
front warehouses in China, with more than 7 million monthly transacting users. Dingdong has
best-in-class supply chain capabilities, with a high direct sourcing rate from fresh produce origins,
a rich portfolio of private-label products and a high repurchase rate, and is well received by
consumers. The Transaction will help fully leverage the respective strengths of both parties in
product capabilities, technology and operations, providing consumers with better consumption
and delivery experiences. Taking into account the above, the Directors (including the independent
non-executive Directors) consider that the Acquisition has been conducted on normal commercial
terms which are fair and reasonable and is in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders as
a whole.

No Directors have material interests and are required to abstain from voting on the resolution to
approve the Share Transfer Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder.

GENERAL INFORMATION

INFORMATION ABOUT THE GROUP AND THE ACQUIRER

Meituan is a tech-driven retail company. The Company offers diversified daily goods and services
in the broader retail by leveraging technology, including food delivery, in-store, hotel and travel
booking and other services and sales.

The Acquirer is an investment holding company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, which
is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.



                                                 6
INFORMATION ABOUT THE TRANSFEROR

The Transferor is an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands, with its American
Depositary Shares listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock code: DDL). Dingdong is a
leading fresh grocery e-commerce company in the mainland China. Dingdong directly provides
users and households with fresh groceries, prepared food and other food products, meeting their
needs through delivering a convenient and excellent shopping experience supported by an extensive
self-operated frontline fulfillment grid.

To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information, and belief after all reasonable enquiries, as
at the date of this announcement, the Transferor and its ultimate beneficial owners are independent
third parties of the Company.

INFORMATION ABOUT THE FOUNDER OF THE TRANSFEROR

Mr. Liang Changlin is a PRC citizen and the founder and actual controller of Dingdong.

To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information and belief after all reasonable enquiries, as at
the date of this announcement, Mr. Liang Changlin is an independent third party of the Company.

INFORMATION ABOUT THE TARGET COMPANY

The Target Company is a limited liability company established under the laws of the British Virgin
Islands, which is wholly owned by the Transferor as of the date of this announcement. The Target
Company and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the e-commerce business in the fresh food
and grocery sector.

The following table sets out the financial information of the Target Group during the years ended
December 31, 2023 and 2024, and during the nine months ended September 30, 2025:

                                          During the        During the         During the
                                          year ended        year ended nine months ended
                                   December 31, 2023 December 31, 2024 September 30, 2025
                                         (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
                                       (RMB million)     (RMB million)      (RMB million)

Net profit/(loss) before tax                     (19.51)               388.82                 222.85
Net profit/(loss) after tax                      (38.88)               372.75                 215.73

The unaudited total assets and unaudited net liabilities of the Target Group on September 30,
2025 amounted to approximately RMB7,021.81 million and approximately RMB1,644.79 million,
respectively.




                                                 7
LISTING RULES IMPLICATIONS

As the highest applicable percentage ratio (calculated as defined under Rule 14.07 of the Listing
Rules) in respect of the Acquisition exceeds 5% but is less than 25%, the Acquisition constitutes
discloseable transaction of the Company under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules and is therefore
subject to the reporting and announcement requirements under the Listing Rules, but is exempt
from the shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

There is no assurance that any forward-looking statements contained in this announcement
regarding the business development of the Group in this announcement or any of the matters
set out herein are attainable, will actually occur or will be realized or are complete or accurate.
Shareholders and/or potential investors of the Company are advised to exercise caution when
dealing in the shares of the Company and not to place any excessive reliance on the information
disclosed herein. Any shareholder or potential investor who is in doubt is advised to seek advice
from professional advisors.

Shareholders and potential investors of the Company should note that the completion of
the Acquisition is subject to the fulfillment of the conditions precedent under the Share
Transfer Agreement. As the Acquisition may or may not proceed, Shareholders and potential
investors of the Company are advised to exercise caution when dealing in the securities of the
Company.

DEFINITIONS

In this announcement, unless the context requires otherwise, the following terms shall have the
meanings as set out below:

“Acquirer”                      Two Hearts Investments Limited, an investment holding limited
                                company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, which is an
                                indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company;

“Acquisition” or “Transaction” the Acquirer acquired all issued shares of the Target Company in
                               accordance with the terms and conditions of the Share Transfer
                               Agreement;




                                                8
“Board”                      the board of directors of the Company;

“Closing Date”               the date of closing of the Acquisition;

“Company”, or                Meituan, an exempted company with limited liability incorporated
  “Meituan”                  under the laws of the Cayman Islands on September 25, 2015,
                             with its Class B shares listed on the main board of the Stock
                             Exchange (stock code: 3690);

“Dingdong Group”             Dingdong and its subsidiaries;

“Director(s)”                the director(s) of the Company;

“Founder of Transferor”      Mr. Liang Changlin;

“Group”, “our Group” or      the Company, its subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated entities;
  “the Group”

“Independent Valuer”         Avista Valuation Advisory Limited, an independent qualified
                             valuer engaged by the Company to assess the value of the Target
                             Group;

“Listing Rules”              the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock
                             Exchange, as amended from time to time;

“Long-Stop Date”             the twelve-month period following the date of execution of the
                             Share Transfer Agreement (or such longer period as the parties
                             may agree in writing);

“Non-Target Group            entity within the Dingdong Group other than the Target Group;
  Dingdong Entity”

“Share Transfer Agreement”   the share transfer agreement dated February 5, 2026, entered into
                             by the Transferor, the founder, and the Acquirer in respect of all
                             issued shares of the Target Company;

“Stock Exchange”             The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited;

“Target Company”             Dingdong Fresh Holding Limited, a limited liability company
                             established under the laws of the British Virgin Islands;




                                             9
“Target Group”                the Target Company and its subsidiaries, excluding overseas
                              business entities specified in the Share Transfer Agreement;

“Transferor” or “Dingdong”    Dingdong (Cayman) Limited, an exempted company incorporated
                              in the Cayman Islands, with its American Depositary Shares listed
                              on the New York Stock Exchange (stock code: DDL);

“Transitional Period”         the period from the date of execution of the Share Transfer
                              Agreement to the Closing Date;

“US dollars”,                 United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States;
  “U.S. dollars” or “US$”

“Valuation Date”              January 31, 2026;

“%”                           per cent.

                                                                          By Order of the Board
                                                                                Meituan
                                                                              Wang Xing
                                                                               Chairman

Hong Kong, February 5, 2026

As at the date of this announcement, the Board comprises Mr. Wang Xing and Mr. Mu Rongjun as
executive Directors; and Mr. Orr Gordon Robert Halyburton, Mr. Leng Xuesong, Dr. Shum Heung
Yeung Harry and Ms. Yang Marjorie Mun Tak as independent non-executive Directors.




                                             10
APPENDIX: SUMMARY OF VALUATION REPORT

IN RELATION TO: VALUATION OF THE ENTIRE EQUITY INTEREST OF THE
TARGET GROUP

As at Valuation Date (i.e. January 31, 2026), the fair value of the entire equity interest of the
Target Group amounted to US$1,006 million.

1.   Overview of Valuation Methodologies and Basis of Selection

     All three generally accepted approaches to value the entire equity interest of the Target
     Group, the income approach, cost approach, and market approach, were considered in valuing
     the Target Group.

     Each of the above approaches works for one or more situations, while sometimes two or more
     of them may be used simultaneously. Selecting a specific approach will be determined based
     on the most commonly adopted practices when valuing business entities in a similar nature.
     In the valuation project for the entire equity interest of the Target Group, the Independent
     Valuer has adopted the market approach for the following reasons:

     •    Cost approach is not applicable as it assumed that the assets and liabilities of the Target
          Group are separable and can be sold separately. This methodology is more appropriate
          for industries where assets are highly liquid, such as property development and financial
          institution. Thus, the cost approach was not adopted in the valuation;

     •    Income approach is considered inappropriate because it involves numerous assumptions
          in formulating the financial projections of the Target Group, and the assumptions may
          be unable to reflect the uncertainties in its future performance. Given that improper
          assumptions can significantly impact the fair value, the income approach was not
          adopted in the valuation; and

     •    The fair value derived from the market approach reflects market expectations for the
          corresponding industry as the price multipliers of the comparable companies are arrived
          from market consensus. Since there are sufficient public companies with similar nature
          and business to the Target Group, their market values serve as good indicators for
          the industry of the Target Group. Therefore, the market approach was adopted in the
          valuation.

     •    Based on appropriate selection criteria, no comparable transactions similar to the
          Target Group’s business were identified during the selected period. Given the inability
          to identify recent comparable transactions, the Independent Valuer concluded that the
          comparable transaction approach is not applicable to the valuation.




                                                11
The Independent Valuer adopted the comparable company method in performing the market
approach. This method requires analysis of comparable companies’ value multipliers and
proper selection of a suitable multiplier. In arriving at the fair value of the entire equity
interest of the Target Group, the Independent Valuer considered the following commonly
used value multipliers, and selected the enterprise value/earnings before interests, taxes,
depreciation and amortization (“EV/EBITDA”) multiple due to the following reasons:

Price-to-earnings (“P/E”) multiple is considered not appropriate for the valuation because (i)
it does not take into account the capital structure of a company, and (ii) tax policies differ
among companies, requiring elimination of the effect of tax on the earnings of comparable
companies. Thus, the P/E multiple is not a good measure of the fair value of the entire equity
interest of the Target Group;

Price-to-book (“P/B”) multiple is considered not appropriate for the valuation as it only
accounts for the value of tangible assets, and does not capture the intangible assets and
advantages that contribute to a company ’s market value, thus not accurately reflecting the fair
value of the entire equity interest of the Target Group;

Enterprise value/sales ( “ EV/S ” ) multiple is commonly used in the valuation of start-up
enterprises. However, this valuation multiple ignores a company ’ s cost structure and,
consequently fails to reflect, its profitability, which is critical in measuring the fair value.
Hence, the EV/S multiple is considered inappropriate for the valuation; and

EV/EBITDA multiple is considered the most appropriate indicator of the fair value of
the entire equity interest of the Target Group in the valuation. It effectively measures the
performance of the Target Group’ s core operations by removing the impact of the cost
of capital, tax effect on earnings, and depreciation and amortization, which eliminates
differences in capital structure among companies. Considering that the Target Group ’ s
EBITDA has been positive and stable for two consecutive years, the EV/EBITDA multiple
was adopted in the valuation.




                                           12
2.   Scope of Work and Limitation

     The valuation report does not constitute an opinion on the commercial merits or transaction
     structure of the proposed acquisition. The valuation report does not contain all information
     necessary for a comprehensive evaluation of the proposed acquisition. The Independent
     Valuer is not required to and has not conducted a comprehensive review of the business,
     technical, operational, strategic, or other commercial risks and merits of the proposed
     acquisition. Such responsibility shall be fully borne by the Directors and management.

     The Independent Valuer has assumed and relied upon all information provided by relevant
     parties, or otherwise disclosed to the Independent Valuer and cited by the Independent Valuer
     in the valuation report, and has not independently verified the accuracy, completeness or
     adequacy of such information. This particularly applies to historical financial information of
     the Target Group provided by the management, whether written or verbal. The Independent
     Valuer makes no representation or warrant, expressed or implied, regarding the accuracy,
     completeness or adequacy of such information and assumes no responsibility in this regard.

     Furthermore, the valuation of the Independent Valuer has also relied upon information
     obtained from public sources which it believes to be reliable. The Independent Valuer
     assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and reliability of any information obtained from
     public sources.

3.   Valuation Assumptions and Key Parameters

     The Independent Valuer conducted this valuation analysis based on a series of general
     assumptions, including but not limited to:

     •    There will be no material changes in the existing political, legal, technological, fiscal or
          economic conditions, which might adversely affect the business of the Target Group;

     •    There are no material changes in the financial positions of the Target Group and
          the comparable companies between the respective financial reporting dates and the
          valuation date;

     •    The operations of the Target Group will not be constrained by the availability of
          finance;

     •    The Target Group will retain competent management, key personnel and technical staff
          to support its ongoing operations; and

     •    There are no hidden or unexpected conditions associated with the Target Group that
          might adversely affect the valuation conclusion.




                                                 13
In determining the EV/EBITDA multiple, the Independent Valuer selected comparable
companies based on the following criteria:

•    The comparable companies operate in the food retail or essential consumer goods and
     merchandise retail industries;

•    The comparable companies conduct primary business operations in mainland China;

•    The comparable companies include business model with consumer-facing operations
     and online sales channels;

•    The comparable companies sell products including fresh food items;

•    The comparable companies are listed on major securities exchanges in Hong Kong,
     mainland China, or the United States;

•    The comparable companies’ financial information is publicly available; and

•    The comparable companies’ EBITDA for 2023 and 2024 are positive.

During the research process, the Independent Valuer has identified, on the best effort basis,
10 comparable companies that engaged in the food retail or essential consumer goods and
merchandise retail industries, and prepared an exhaustive list. As mentioned above, since no
two companies are ever exactly alike, the differences should not overshadow the similarities
of the business nature of the companies. The Independent Valuer considers that the selected
companies are fair and representative comparable companies to the Target Group.




                                          14
                                                                                  Currency Unit: RMB Million

                                                                                                Last
                                                                                             Twelve-
                                                    Market            Minority Enterprise     month
No.      Company Name                        Capitalization1 Net Debt Interest     Value    EBITDA2      EV/EBITDA

1        Chengdu Hongqi Chain Co., Ltd.              8,038     (2,729)       1      5,309        578            9.18x
2        Jiangxi Guoguang Commercial                 9,907       (763)       –      9,143         78   Extreme value 3
            Chains Co., Ltd.
3        Jiajiayue Group Co., Ltd.                   8,065     (2,020)      (0)     6,045        742            8.15x
4        Sanjiang Shopping Club Co., Ltd.            9,086     (1,843)       –      7,243        178           40.60x
5        Shanghai Bailian Group Co., Ltd.           15,338    (14,710)   1,776      2,404      1,044            2.30x
6        Beijing Jingkelong Company                    112      1,759      271      2,142         24   Extreme value 3
            Limited
7        Sun Art Retail Group Limited               13,078    (11,153)     (13)     1,912      2,336            0.82x
8        Jiangsu Horizon Chain Supermarket           1,110        402       18      1,529        125           12.24x
            Company Limited
9        Guoquan Food (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.           9,970     (1,586)     118      8,502        536           15.86x
10       Dingdong Limited                            4,261     (2,991)     133      1,402        273            5.13x
                                                                                            Maximum            40.60x
                                                                                             Average           11.79x
                                                                                             Median             8.67x
                                                                                            Minimum             0.82x

Notes:

(1)      As of January 31, 2026, the market capitalization, net debt and minority interest of the comparable
         companies are sourced from S&P Capital IQ.


(2)      As of January 31, 2026, the date of last twelve-month EBITDA of the comparable companies is sourced
         from S&P Capital IQ.

(3)      In the EV/EBITDA multiples of the comparable companies, Jiangxi Guoguang Commercial Chains Co.,
         Ltd. (EV/EBITDA multiple of 117.29x) and Beijing Jingkelong Company Limited (EV/EBITDA multiple
         of 89.13x) are considered not meaningful, as such an extreme value is unjustifiable from a valuation
         perspective.


(4)      Minor discrepancies in the total calculations may occur due to rounding during the calculation process.




                                                         15
4.   Calculation of Valuation Results

     The calculation of the fair value of the entire equity interest of the Target Group as of the
     Valuation Date is as follows:

     Currency unit: RMB million (unless otherwise specified)
     Last twelve-month EBITDA                                                                                      392
     EV/EBITDA                                                                                                   8.67x
     Enterprise value                                                                                            3,398
     Add: cash and cash equivalents                                                                                767
     Add: short-term investment                                                                                  3,082
     Less: interests-bearing liabilities                                                                          (916)
     Total equity value of the Target Group(marketable and
       non-controlling basis)                                                                                    6,330
     Add: control premium                                                                                        1,975
     Total equity value of the Target Group
       (marketable and controlling basis)                                                                       8,305
     Less: lack of marketability discount                                                                      (1,296)
     Total equity value of the Target Group’s shareholders                                                      7,010
     Exchange rate on the Valuation Date                                                                       6.9678
     Fair value of the entire equity interest (US$ million)                                                     1,006
     Notes:

     (1)      Last twelve-month EBITDA refers to the EBITDA of the Target Group for the twelve-month period from
              October 1, 2024, to September 30, 2025, which is sourced from unaudited financial statement information
              provided by the management.

     (2)      Cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments (includes wealth management products and time
              deposits with maturity of 3 months to 12 months), and interest-bearing liabilities are sourced from
              unaudited financial statement information provided by the management.

     (3)      Control premium is the amount that a buyer is willing to pay over the minority interest of a company
              in order to acquire a controlling interest in that company. The EV/EBITDA multiple adopted in the
              Valuation was calculated from public listed companies, which represents minority ownership interest.
              Equity value calculated by such EV/EBITDA multiple, therefore, represents the minority interest. Thus,
              control premium was adopted to adjust such value on minority basis to a value on controlling basis.
              Adjustment for control is made by the application of a control premium to the value of a company’s
              shares. Control premium is determined with reference to the control premium implied from comparable
              transactions, which is based on the median of 160 historical domestic and international transactions
              published by Mergerstat in the third quarter of 2025, and is set at 31.2%.

     (4)      Lack of marketability discount (“LOMD”) reflects the fact that there is no ready market for shares in an
              unlisted company. Shares in unlisted companies are typically not readily marketable compared to similar
              interests in listed companies. Therefore, shares in an unlisted company are usually worth less than an
              otherwise comparable share in a listed company. The EV/EBITDA multiples adopted in the Valuation
              were calculated from public listed companies, which represent marketable interest. Fair values calculated
              using such EV/EBITDA multiples, therefore, represent the marketable interest. Thus, LOMD was adopted
              to adjust such marketable interest fair value to non-marketable interest fair value. LOMD was sourced
              from Stout Restricted Stock Study Companion Guide 2024, and is set at 15.6%.

     (5)      Minor discrepancies in the total calculations may occur due to rounding during the calculation process.




                                                          16
5.   IDENTITY, INDEPENDENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS OF THE INDEPENDENT
     VALUER

     Avista Valuation Advisory Limited was engaged by the Company as the Independent Valuer
     for the Transaction. The person in charge of the valuation project is a member of CFA
     Institute and CPA Australia, a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants, a member and a registered valuer of Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors,
     and possesses over 25 years of experience in enterprise value assessments and business
     advisory projects.




                                              17
